Add support to Python 3.14 and remove 3.12 (#1319)
CityOfZion/neo3-boa: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Setting up your workspace

If you wish to contribute with the project by implementing a feature or fixing a bug, it's necessary to have a Python3

> version equal or higher than 3.13 on your machine and install the Python packages listed inside the `requirements_dev.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version equal or higher than 3.13 on your machine and install the `dev` Python packages listed in the `optional-dependencies` section of the `pyproject.toml`
```
